welcome to behind the scenes and
bloopers of episode six with James
Corden and Lance Bass hi how's it going
they can't answer you back oh okay
doodles tonight hey doodles I'm grace
Helbig and this is my show potatoes you
got me to 400,000 followers thank you so
much grace you're my hero tearing up the
shirts
we just ran through a bid that we're
hoping to do in the show tonight come
boy band okie James Corden and Lance
Bass will compete to create the best
boyband song that doesn't currently
exist based on that they have stiff
competition gotta love your smile and I
like your touch you make me feel
oMG Gigi
is the host of the show of my drunk
kitchen I'm very excited hello no
friends there was a bulldog up to right
I don't know if you noticed that grace
is feeling a lot of like anxiety about
the show can they ask questions about
like who on my crew likes me the most
what does the crew think about craft
services in the best way possible
I'm sorry I got distracted is this bit
going well did you have any intuition
that you are going to be in this car
with us I'm sorry this block is coming
around for time look it's a happiest dog
I've ever seen I did this thing yes yes
yes just for us oh you know you're
beautiful you know you're living the
life look at that thing goddammit its
head is bigger than this is your TV on
guys
one
if you end up with whipped cream all
over your face in the floor can't call
that a bad night there is no way this is
not a disgusting meme within hours I was
very apprehensive of them getting whip
cream on their face so I was actively
trying to say the wrong answer turns out
me trying to say the wrong answer
produces more right answers I wish I
knew this about myself in high school in
college or an industry like sorority
girls just pouring whipped cream all
over them
crotches got covered in whipped cream
bassist got covered in whipped cream we
really lived a dream tonight continue
watching and supported I can go check
those guys out let's host the radio show
that I've been on before called dirty
pop and James is on The Late Late Show
at 12:30 on CBS everything good bye
everyone see you thanks Riley is the
grace Helbig show moving to Sunday's May
31st at 11:00